welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain an action thriller
film called godzilla vs kong
five years ago from today godzilla and
kong got into a huge fight
godzilla went to the depths of the sea
after defeating kong
after that day no one could know about
him or saw him
now we see a scene after five years we
see an island there which was kong's
house in fact
here we find kong larger than before
when kong awakens from sleep
he has fun in the water we see a little
girl there
kong liked her so much they were great
buddies
kong never objected to anything she said
and accepted everything she said
but this girl can't speak or hear we see
that kong is really aggressive
he was very offensive he pulls a tree
and throws it towards the sky
it breaks the energy wall we get to know
that kong was kept here in the town so
that godzilla
doesn't come here as these titans can
defeat each other and it is a fear that
they'll fight again
as kong enlarged in size so it is
decided to shift him anywhere else then
we see a boy who worked for a company
he was a hacker the company in which he
worked
made very modern stuff as machines
robots
etc but that hacker doubts his company
the company is designing a thing that
should not be made
therefore he hacks all the data of the
company
he gets to know that this company is
shifting a huge object to hong kong
but suddenly the alarm starts ringing
there it was an alarm that
godzilla is coming in a short time
godzilla comes out of the sea
as he comes out he starts destroying
everything
no one was getting the reason that why
godzilla is killing everyone
because he is a life savior titan here
we get to know about godzilla's nuclear
power
godzilla destroys the whole company
using his powers
this news spread in the whole world that
godzilla has come
but this time his form has changed he
isn't like before
in the past he saved people and now he
is killing everyone in aggression
the owner of the company tells everyone
that his company is working on a project
they will get succeeded in making a
device that is compatible with godzilla
a girl named madison watches this news
she doesn't believe in godzilla's
offense because she knew him very well
she considers this news a rumor she
claimed that godzilla could not harm
anybody because he helps and saves
humans
madison goes to his father and makes him
understand that he can't do anything
like this
someone did something to him madison's
father explains to her that these
creatures and titans are just like
humans
they can change moods as well
like godzilla has changed and he is
killing humans
after it madison leaves and listens to
that hacker's call
that hacker uploads an online video
about that hacker
madison decides that she'll go and meet
that hacker
she'll look into the matter and ask why
godzilla has become aggressive
why did he destroy that company later
the company's owner meets a senior
doctor named nathan
dr nathan was a scientist in fact
the company's owner tells him that your
concept of the hollow earth was accurate
this was the place where titans are born
in fact
dr nathan wrote a book that under the
earth
another earth name hollow earth is
present
it is hidden and no one can see it it is
a source of energy for titans
there company's owner lets dr nathan
meets another man
he tells dr nathan that we have found an
energy source inside the hollow earth
we don't know where does it exist 404 it
is beneath our ground
as we take energy from the sun these
titans take energy from the hollow earth
if they get succeeded in finding the
energy they will be able to compete with
godzilla
dr nathan asks but how we are supposed
to go there
because my brother tried to go there a
few years ago but he didn't get there
and died
here we get to know that gravity was
zero on the hollow earth
therefore everything starts flying in
the air
the company's owner asks dr nathan not
to worry about this
because his company made an anti-gravity
car
we'll go to the hollow earth with its
help
the company's owner tells him that every
titan has the ability to find his own
home
therefore we should seek help from a
calm
after it dr nathan meets his doctor
friend
this female doctor took care of kong
he tries to explain to her that we
should send kong to his house
his home is hollow earth and we can't
keep him there for long
if he gets out of here godzilla will
attack him
kong is only safe on hollow earth after
some discussion
that female doctor agrees because they
had not any option left with them
then they take kong with their army to
the hollow earth
kong was chained kong's friend that
little girl
talks to kong in sign language
that girl tells that kong is angry
because he is tied with chains
the leader of the army says to the
female doctor that we won't pass from
godzilla's way
we'll use another way so that godzilla
doesn't get wind of it
that female doctor says yes we should do
exactly like this
godzilla and kong are old rivals because
both of them consider themselves king of
the monsters
if they encounter each other they will
wreak havoc
then we madison goes to meet that hacker
with her friend
that hacker tells them that the company
is making a huge thing
that thing will be shifted to hong kong
once it's made
godzilla didn't like this therefore he
destroyed the company
then we see that the alarm starts
ringing in the ship where kong was
that little girl tells the female doctor
that godzilla is coming
dr nathan says that as godzilla is
coming outside
we should free and unchain kong as well
so that he competes with godzilla and
saves us
finally godzilla comes outside he was
moving forward to them by destroying a
ship
when kong gets to know that godzilla is
coming he starts shouting loudly
but he was chained then they attack
godzilla with rocket and missile
it doesn't harm godzilla godzilla
destroys their planes
now godzilla was moving towards kong's
ship
godzilla destroys their ships godzilla
makes their ship
upside down due to this godzilla and
many people start getting sunk in the
sea
then they untie kong's chains so that
kong fights with godzilla and saves them
then godzilla and kong get into a huge
fight
kong throws godzilla deep in the sea
then he straightens the tilted ship so
that people could be saved
godzilla gets up once again and he was
going to the same ship where that girl
was
kong jumps from one ship to another and
reaches the ship where godzilla was
coming
kong punches godzilla really hard
godzilla also punches him back
kong falls down kong gets up once again
and hits godzilla and he is thrown into
the sea
it makes godzilla angry seeing it he
uses its nuclear powers
seeing it kong jumps into the water to
save his life
the light of the nuclear power of
godzilla spreads all around and everyone
gets astonished seeing it
here we get to know about the power of
godzilla they start fighting in the sea
godzilla could breed in the water but
kong who was like humans couldn't breed
in the water
therefore kong seemed to be defeated
godzilla was taking kong into the depths
of the sea to kill him
that female doctor says that we should
help kong otherwise
godzilla will kill him they blast many
missiles in the
sea kong comes outside to save his life
because of this
dr nathan orders to turn everything off
turn off all the machines and
engines so that godzilla thinks that we
are dead and defeated
then they turn everything off godzilla
looks at kong angrily and then leaves
the female doctor says that if we move
forward godzilla will acknowledge that
we are alive and he will attack us
how can we move forward and how will we
take calm dr nathan
says that we will take him by flying him
up
on the other side we see madison enters
that company with her friends
she wanted to check the thing that this
company was making upon which godzilla
felt aggressive and attacked
there they find huge eggs of an animal
as they find the eggs their door gets
locked in fact
the place where they were locked was a
machine it was taking them to hong kong
along with the eggs
then we see that the whole army gets
succeeded in taking kong to the hollow
earth
they ask kong to enter the cave of
hollow earth but kong refuses to go
there
they decide that they will ask the girl
to compel him so that he goes there
because he didn't refuse that girl kong
would be told that your family and many
creatures like you are there
kong agrees to go to that cave kong goes
to that hollow earth cave
they follow kong on their anti-gravity
car
it was a unique world they had
anti-gravity cars so their life is saved
many different monsters were there in
the hollow earth
then a flying monster attacks their
anti-gravity car
it was about to attack that girl but
kong kills him
he detaches his head after it kong moves
forward and everyone follows him
there was no gravity on hollow earth
therefore everything was flying in the
air
madison and her friends reach hong kong
they get to know about secret weapons
there this company has made another
godzilla to kill godzilla
its name was mechagodzilla its
controller was the person who was
introduced by the company's owner to dr
nathan
to check mechagodzilla's powers the
skullcrawler is left there
mechagodzilla kills the skullcrawler
using his powers
here the issue is formed that they
needed more power to run mechagodzilla
that power was only in the hollow earth
this was the reason company's owner was
searching for an energy source so that
he gives life to mechagodzilla again
later we see that mechagodzilla is
activated
as mechagodzilla becomes active godzilla
feels it
he starts moving to hong kong where that
mechagodzilla was
hollow earth was very beautiful hollow
earth had an energy source in its
mountain
kong moves there and opens its door he
growls
kong finds a weapon axe made from
godzilla's body there
he sits at a place with this axe like a
king godzilla reached hong kong and now
he was moving to mechagodzilla
everyone starts running to save his life
kong finds the energy source there and
he finds out that it can charge this axe
too
because his axe worked when fully
charged and becomes more powerful
godzilla gets to know that someone has
come so he throws his nuclear power on
the ground
that nuclear power pierces the ground
and reaches calm
the company's female owner plays a trick
on them
she sends a sample of this energy to the
company so that they activate the
mechagodzilla
the female doctor forbade her to do this
but she doesn't listen to her
when she realizes that godzilla is going
to come here
she starts running but then kong
destroys her car
kong gets ready to fight godzilla
holding his axe
godzilla gave kong a sign of war using
nuclear powers
kong comes hong kong and he attacks
godzilla with his axe gets stuck in the
building
availing the chance godzilla falls down
the kong and they fight a lot
godzilla tries to kill kong many times
using his nuclear powers
but kong fights with bravery and
survives every time
then kong attacks godzilla with his axe
and he gets injured
godzilla becomes aggressive and throws
kong away using his nuclear powers
but kong stops that power using his axe
they get into a huge fight for a long
time as
godzilla was very powerful so it seemed
that kong will get defeated
godzilla injures kong and throws him
there he starts growling by putting his
feet on his chest
seeing it kong also growls and godzilla
leaves kong there
the owner of the company discovers the
energy source that will allow him to
activate mechagodzilla
here we get to know that mechagodzilla
is huge and more powerful than godzilla
but here mechagodzilla controls
everything
he kills the company's owner then he
kills his assistant
then mechagodzilla comes outside
breaking the wall
when godzilla sees mechagodzilla he
moves forward to kill him
they fight a lot as mechagodzilla was so
powerful
godzilla looked defeated mechagodzilla
hits godzilla many times and he falls
down
madison and that hacker try to turn off
the power of mechagodzilla
but all the machines there were locked
on the other side we see injured kong
who's condition was very worse now
he was about to die when that girl
listens to kong's heartbeat
she tells that it is going to end soon
dr nathan
says that we will have to give kong an
electric shock to save his life
they give him shock using that
anti-gravity car
kong shakes and he was now alive and
conscious
that girl tells kong that godzilla isn't
our rival but our friend
so go help her kong goes there to save
godzilla
mechagodzilla was about to kill godzilla
when kong arrives there
kong saves him godzilla understands that
kong and i should fight with him
together mecha godzilla was so powerful
that it hanged heavy on both of them
kong finds his axe but unfortunately it
wasn't charged
still kong uses this axe and attacks
mechagodzilla
mechagodzilla was about to kill kong
when he stops him
madison and that hacker were unable to
deactivate the machine so they
put water on it mechagodzilla is turned
off for w while
getting the chance mechagodilla charges
kong's axe using his nuclear powers
kong was powerful now so he destroys
mechagodzilla
h breaks his hands and feet and
separates all of his body parts
eventually he detaches his head as well
as mechagodzilla was dead now
everything gets back to its normal but
then godzilla stands up once again
kong takes out his axe and gets ready to
fight with godzilla
thigh helped each other so they don't
fight and godzilla goes back to the sea
where he came from
kong entered the hollow earth forever
kong took that little girl with him
there
here this movie ends
subscribe for watch more video turn one
notification on
please comment and like share thank you
for watching